Change Live Share docs for LiveState & LiveCanvas (#8544)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/apps-in-teams-meetings/teams-live-share-canvas.md

You can clear all strokes in the canvas by calling `inkingManager.clear()`. This deletes all strokes from the canvas.

#### Import and export raw strokes

> Live Share Canvas supports importing and exporting raw strokes from `InkingManager`, which enables you to export them to your backend for later use in a future session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Live Share Canvas supports importing and exporting raw strokes from `InkingManager`, which enables you to export them to your back-end for later use in a future session.
```

```javascript
// Export raw strokes
const strokes = inkingManager.exportRaw();

// Optionally clear out existing strokes, and import strokes
inkingManager.clear();
inkingManager.importRaw(strokes);
```

#### Export strokes as an SVG

> You can also export your entire drawing within the `InkingManager` to an SVG. The SVG contents will be returned as a string, which you can then store in your server as an `.svg` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can export your entire drawing within the `InkingManager` to a scalable vector graphic (SVG). The SVG contents are returned as a string, which you can then store in your server as an .svg file extension.
```
